README.md, before:

# [neoGcamp: LessonTwo]('https://neog.camp/guide/lessonTwo')

> Repository for LessonTwo of levelZero of neoGcamp

## assignment for markThree

>We have made two projects in lecture One.

>1. How well do your friends know you? Quiz which we made live.
>2. Fandom Quiz. The assignment is to create a quiz about any topic you're interested in.

>Assignment for today is that you create two repos for both the projects and push the changes. Make sure you use:

>1. good commit messages
>2. update README with details of the project
>3. update URL of the REPL in Github


## PART ONE: SETTING UP GIT and GITHUB

### ex01: explain to a 10-year-old what is git

git is the most widely used version control software. the keyword to focus here is `version control`. To understand this,
imagine you are writing a project report for your social sciences class. you have written a paragraph on how India got its
independence. Say, you show this to your teacher, and she asks you to add few points to make it a perfect answer for your final
term exams.
You have just created a version of your paragraph/answer. This is version control. An iterative process to build code/documentation in the case of git.

### ex02: intialise a git repo

Done!

### ex03: create a file in the repo

Added `index.html`.

### ex04: commit your first changes

Commit made!
Update: Improve commit message as per project documentation.

### ex05: understanding commit messages

Done!

### ex06: publish to github

Done!

## PART ONE: SETTING UP NETLIFY

### ex01: Explain how the Internet works

[Video Link (to be updated)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCkSiodTN64)

### ex02: setup netlify to show your website && ex03: check deploy && ex04: change the domain name

`https://beeryaniboi.netlify.app/` -> current hosted app domain

## PART THREE: SETTING UP VSCODE

Already set-up!

## PART FOUR: GETTING INTO THE DEV WORKFLOW WITH ALL THE SETUP

[Link to PR raised as part of task](https://github.com/praty-1698/neogcamp_lessontwo/pull/1)

Commit message:

feature: add links to project/ and blog/ as per user story

README.md, after:

# [neoGcamp: LessonThree]('https://neog.camp/guide/lessonTwo')

> Repository for LessonTwo of levelZero of neoGcamp

## assignment for markFour && markFive

>markFour: portfolio website

>1. Have a home page with your Introduction, and Projects with a call to action buttons for those pages.
>2. It is mandatory to put all your projects and social media handles majorly Twitter, and LinkedIn in your portfolio.
>3. Have a Projects page with all your apps listed in it with the call to action buttons for live links and source code.
>4. Host your portfolio on Netlify / vercel-like platforms as shown in the live Youtube video taught by Tanay.

>Assignment for today is that you create two repos for both the projects and push the changes. Make sure you use:

>1. good commit messages
>2. update README with details of the project
>3. update URL of the REPL in Github


## PART ONE: SETTING UP GIT and GITHUB

### ex01: explain to a 10-year-old what is git

git is the most widely used version control software. the keyword to focus here is `version control`. To understand this,
imagine you are writing a project report for your social sciences class. you have written a paragraph on how India got its
independence. Say, you show this to your teacher, and she asks you to add few points to make it a perfect answer for your final
term exams.
You have just created a version of your paragraph/answer. This is version control. An iterative process to build code/documentation in the case of git.

### ex02: intialise a git repo

Done!

### ex03: create a file in the repo

Added `index.html`.

### ex04: commit your first changes

Commit made!
Update: Improve commit message as per project documentation.

### ex05: understanding commit messages

Done!

### ex06: publish to github

Done!

## PART ONE: SETTING UP NETLIFY

### ex01: Explain how the Internet works

[Video Link (to be updated)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCkSiodTN64)

### ex02: setup netlify to show your website && ex03: check deploy && ex04: change the domain name

`https://beeryaniboi.netlify.app/` -> current hosted app domain

## PART THREE: SETTING UP VSCODE

Already set-up!

## PART FOUR: GETTING INTO THE DEV WORKFLOW WITH ALL THE SETUP

[Link to PR raised as part of task](https://github.com/praty-1698/neogcamp_lessontwo/pull/1)
